consulting.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Consulting
description: Consulting services
---

##  Consulting services

I offer a broad range of data science consulting services, including:

* Solving data science problems -- from the business question through to deployment
* Teaching and mentoring
* Speaking at conferences
* Building data science strategy and teams


###  Solving data science problems


I have a huge toolbox of skills which I can apply to your problems:

* Machine learning
* Experimental design and analysis (Frequentist and Bayesian A/B testing)
* (Causal) regression analysis
* Time series forecasting
* Panel data methods
* Applications of economic theory to real-world business problems
* Numerical analysis and computational methods for a wide variety of scientific problems


Typically, I use [CRISP-DM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-industry_standard_process_for_data_mining)
on data science projects to ensure that data science is applied in a rigorous
and reproducible manner. This methodology focuses on defining the business question, exploring what questions
you can actually solve with your data, and planning the entire data science process through to deployment.


###  Teaching and mentoring

I have a taught a broad range and style of courses in both academia and industry for several decades.
In addition, I founded and developed [Galvanize's](https://www.galvanize.com)
[Data Science Bootcamp in Seattle](https://www.galvanize.com/seattle/data-science). I deliver
engaging -- even humorous -- classes which teach the indispensible knowledge you need to succeed
with real problems.

In addition, I have hired and mentored numerous data scientists for a variety of organizations.
I can help your data scientists quickly improve their skills and impact.


###  Conference speaking

When I speak at a conference, I deliver entertaining talks packed with usefull knowledge and
skills that participants can immediately apply to their problems. [Watch](https://youtu.be/kex-UXZTGU4)
my presentation on [Correctness in Data Science](https://youtu.be/kex-UXZTGU4)
from the 2015 Seattle Data Science Pop-up to get a sense of my style.

Commit message:

Add DataFramed podcast to talks & consulting pages

consulting.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Consulting
description: Consulting services
---

##  Consulting services

I offer a broad range of data science consulting services, including:

* Solving data science problems -- from the business question through to deployment
* Teaching and mentoring
* Speaking at conferences
* Building data science strategy and teams


###  Solving data science problems


I have a huge toolbox of skills which I can apply to your problems:

* Machine learning
* Experimental design and analysis (Frequentist and Bayesian A/B testing)
* (Causal) regression analysis
* Time series forecasting
* Panel data methods
* Applications of economic theory to real-world business problems
* Numerical analysis and computational methods for a wide variety of scientific problems


Typically, I use [CRISP-DM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-industry_standard_process_for_data_mining)
on data science projects to ensure that data science is applied in a rigorous
and reproducible manner. This methodology focuses on defining the business question, exploring what questions
you can actually solve with your data, and planning the entire data science process through to deployment.


###  Teaching and mentoring

I have a taught a broad range and style of courses in both academia and industry for several decades.
In addition, I founded and developed [Galvanize's](https://www.galvanize.com)
[Data Science Bootcamp in Seattle](https://www.galvanize.com/seattle/data-science). I deliver
engaging -- even humorous -- classes which teach the indispensible knowledge you need to succeed
with real problems.

In addition, I have hired and mentored numerous data scientists for a variety of organizations.
I can help your data scientists quickly improve their skills and impact.


###  Conference speaking

When I speak at a conference, I deliver entertaining talks packed with usefull knowledge and
skills that participants can immediately apply to their problems. To get a sense of my style,
[watch](https://youtu.be/kex-UXZTGU4)
my presentation on [Correctness in Data Science](https://youtu.be/kex-UXZTGU4)
from the 2015 Seattle Data Science Pop-up or check out
[Episode 4](https://www.datacamp.com/community/podcast/data-science-trucking-revolution) of
the [DataFramed](https://www.datacamp.com/community/podcast) podcast, where I discuss
how data science is revolutionizing the trucking industry.
